Add GCP information to existing Astro documentation (#661)
astronomer/docs: astro/modify-cluster.md

## Overview

Unless otherwise specified, new Clusters on Astro are created with a set of default configurations. Depending on your use case, you may decide that you want to modify an existing Cluster to run a different configuration.

> For example, if you have a new set of DAGs that require significantly more CPU and Memory than your existing workloads, you may be interested in modifying a Cluster on AWS to run `m5.8xlarge` nodes instead of `m5.4xlarge` nodes. You might also want to modify a Cluster's max node count from the default of 20 to better suit the amount of work you run on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you have a new set of DAGs that require significantly more CPU and Memory than your existing workloads, you may be interested in modifying a Cluster on AWS to run `m5.8xlarge` nodes instead of `m5.4xlarge` nodes. You might also want to modify a Cluster's maximum node count from the default of 20 to better fit your expected workload.
```
